Adding a mandatory step for Vanilla SAP systems (#100497)
Azure/azure-content: articles/sentinel/sap/configure-audit.md

    ![Screenshot showing R S A U CONFIG create profile screen.](./media/configure-audit/create-profile.png)

1. Specify a name for the profile in the **Profile/Filter Number** field. 

> 1. **Note- vanilla SAP installation would require this additional step-** right click the profile you have created and create a new filter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > [!NOTE]
   > Vanilla SAP installation requires this additional step: right-click the profile you have created and create a new filter.
```
